Add policy description about common TypeInstance injection (#111)
capactio/website: docs/feature/policies/global-policy.md

```yaml
interface: # Defines Policy for Interface rendering

>   default: # Groups the list of defaults for Interface
>     inject: # Engine injects listed TypeInstance in the Implementation workflow for all Interface rules
>             # They can be overwritten in in in interface.rules[].inject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  default: # default configuration for all Interfaces
    inject: # For all Implementations, inject the following TypeInstances if matching Type Reference is used in `Implementation.spec.requires` property along with `alias`.
    # TypeInstances from `default.inject` can be overwritten in rules for specific Interfaces (`interface.rules[].inject`).
```
